US president Trump is very rich, and rich people can always find ways to make themselves look younger. From what we can see from Trump now, few would think he looks like an old grandpa, even though he is already 73 years old. It's reasonable for us to ignore his oldness, because 73 year-old people around us are seldom in his condition. 

We don't know Trump's beauty secrets, but if let us guess it's probably because of his money. If we take a count carefully, Trump probably set many presidential records. As far as we know, he is the oldest US president in office. His inspirational experience motivated several other envious old guys, 78 year-old Sanders¡¢76 year-old Biden, and 77 year-old Bloomberg they are all planning to run for president next year. 

These old guys' mental behavior probably like this: If Trump can do it, I can do it even better. These three old guys have their own fortes, and the most confident one might be Bloomberg. He would probably feel that he is better than Trump in every aspect, and even the personal assets that Trump is most proud of, are only one eighth of Bloomberg's. Trump may not have realized that, his unexpected career change seems to be swinging the US towards gerontocracy.

(Billionaire Bloomberg who decided to run for president)

Although being 73 years old, Trump is still in good health, with a good appetite for KFC, man-sized is not enough for him. Last Saturday he sneaked to the hospital for a physical examination, when White House spokesman Grisham got the examination results he praised that, the president's body is truly in good condition, and he is the most energetic man in the White House, who can keep working from 6 am to midnight, and can still run around jungle when he gets up the next morning.

Had he not been a president, Trump would have retired at this age, and each year in this month, all he had to worry about was what Christmas gift to his grandchildren. But life cannot be assumed, now he is the president of the United States, with not too many days left for his first term, when talking to re-election, Christmas gift is not a thing worth mentioning. Take Saturday for a physical examination and then ask his spokesman to praise his health, he is just telling his voters and opponents: we can truly have some fun next year.

After three years as president, Trump should have realized: that his political opponents are the worst man in his life, much worse than the cunning businessmen he dealt with when he was young. Because of his non-political background and contempt for professional politicians, the Democrats have been attacking him for the past three years, digging up all the shady things he did when he was young, and it is really unscrupulous for politicians to do bad things.

An election year is coming as this year winds down, and it's also the time for the Democrats to stage their final siege. They've been trying to get all of Trump's tax records, and label him as a tax evader. They are also impeaching Trump over his political horse-trading with Ukraine, which is fully on track. It doesn't matter whether this impeachment can succeed or not, what matters is that it must go on long enough, preferably throughout the election next year, so that it would keep annoying Trump as cutting meat with a dull knife.

(Trump gave speech to voters)

At this difficult time, the 73-year-old Trump can't afford to get sick, nor can he treat himself as a retired grandpa. Trump is a tough guy, now that he's in the White House and encounters his political opponents, he has to battle it out, or more precisely to defeat them, as he's left with no choice.

Before Trump accidentally became president, his special life history had turned him into a money supremacists, he loved the feeling of making money, he enjoyed picking properties from those going bankrupt and then reselling them in a better price, he liked to dive into all sorts of tax avoidance techniques to boost profits, he was fond of diversifying investments to keep wealth growing, and only by checking his bank account before bedtime, would Trump fall asleep happily.

The love of earning money wouldn't fade away just because he's in the White House, the reason why Trump was able to defeat other candidates in the primaries, was his popularity which wasn't gained in those several months, actually he was a celebrity long before the election. There are a great number of wealthy people in Wall Street who are much richer than Trump, yet few of them own more popularity than him, if saying those tycoons are earning money in a low profile, then Trump's profile is high enough to let everyone know he's rich.

As one of those who gained wealth earlier, Trump once tried to teach others to be affluent by writing books¡¢producing TV programs and running schools, it's hard to predict whether those approaches can help people thrive together, but at least it helped Trump become a famous fortune mentor. A lot of people voted for him impulsively three years ago, which was exactly because they simply thought the mentor would lead them on the way to wealth.

(Trump signed a deal to the benefit of people behind him)

With such an ingrained concept of money-oriented, and great hopes from his voters, Trump has always been emphasizing the importance of money during his past three-year diplomacy, to save as much money as he can or earn as much as possible for his country, is what he deemed as his indication for his work. Earning money is also one of the political achievements that made him proud, whenever his fans meet with their fortune mentor, those accomplishments related to money can always cheer the scene to its culmination.

Hence those countries which often sell products to the US, are taxed by Trump, as taxing not only helps to create incomes but also protects domestic industries, furthermore it helps to create more jobs, which attracts labors¡¯ favor, so as to vote for him next time. Consequently Trump highlights the significance of taxing, and he has been working on it himself. As for concomitant negative influences on international relations, or how upset he made his country's allies, he doesn't really care, as so called business is business, if always talking about relationship and friendship, then forget about making money.

One of Trump's biggest moves, is to ask EU countries for NATO funding, more than once. France and Germany as the leaders of the EU can't stand this. They said that outsider can never be counted on, people have to rely on themself, and EU should build its own army. As for the threats from France and Germany, Trump cursed them on twitter, and continued to ask for money.

In the past three years Democrats said Trump colluded with Russia, criticized him for disrespecting female, suspected him of tax evasion, attacked his border policies as dehumanizing, and said he disgraced the country by withdrawing from various international organizations. Facing these judgement, Trump fought back with a sharp tongue, while relentlessly asking for money. It was only the cash that makes him feel safe, and feel that he was doing something for his voters and his country.

(A photo with several very unnatural expression)

The election year is coming just over a month, at this crucial moment, Trump certainly didn't forget about money, because when he gets it he will get the support from his fans. Trump sent a message to South Korea and Japan last week: both of you are all rich guys, please voluntarily raise the cost of American troops stationed in your country, South Korea by 5 billion, Japan by 8 billion, I mean dollars. The money is Trump's New Year's gift to 2020, and also a gift package for his voters.

For Trump's campaign, Moon Jae-in and Shinzo Abe might consider paying out of their personal pockets, but when paying in the name of their states, things are not that simple, as they might have to step down if things were not properly handled. To forge the military alliance of US-Japan-ROK, Trump's predecessors cost lots of money and pulled many strings, once this alliance is accomplished and secured, US could use this as a pivot to control the East Asia. 

If they heard that Trump screwed up all these just for several billions of military expenditure, his predecessors might jump out of their coffins, and the military alliance would be deserted if the situation kept going like this. Seeing this situation, the elites in the Democrats feel deeply grieved, and they can't wait to kick the layman Trump out of the White House before Christmas, so that he would have time to prepare Christmas gifts for his grandsons.  

(Trump poses with the document he signed)

Of course the Republican doesn't lack the elites who know the essence of politics, it's just because Trump has already become the fortune mentor in the voters' eyes, therefore for Trump's diplomatic behaviors like asking for money everywhere, they can only bite the bullet to support him, since the entire Republican has been riding in the same bus with Trump, if he could make money then the voters would support him, there would be a chance to win the re-election, this is the most unique attraction of Trump, and he would not be able to show off if putting him in other scopes.

To be honest, for a two-party system country, four years' term is indeed kind of short. As in the first year the president has to be familiar with the working environment, and overturns his predecessors' policies; in the second year he has to set out his own plans, and prepare for the midterm election; in the third year he could more or less execute his own plans, but has to prepare for the upcoming re-election; when he steps into the fourth year, is there anything more important than re-election? 

If a president can serve for only one term, then it is doomed that he will not make any difference, unless he is as lucky as George Bush who got the opportunity to launch the Gulf War. Trump has got many things done in his first 3 years, which is already quite remarkable, no wonder that the spokesman Grisham said that Trump is the most energetic person in the White House. However if Trump is not able to be reelected for the second term, the influence of his work will be very limited, and a mixed reception is the best ending he can earn from the public opinion.

(Trump had a great time catching up with Obama)

As once the Democrats came into power in the White House, the policies previously settled down by Trump will probably be abolished, and all kinds of criticisms to Trump will also appear. It's really cruel for a person to see this happen soon after he steps down. Trump has nearly overturned all the policies made by Obama when he got into power, hereby please allow us to salute Obama for his strong mental quality. To prevent this happening to Trump, he must seek for re-election, so that he can prove himself, thus thoroughly defeating those elites and traditional politicians who go against him. 

Actually re-election is a high probability event for the US president nowadays, since 26 years ago when Clinton was in his presidency, every president has been re-elected in these 26 years, because only with two terms of 8 years, a president can probably make some difference to the country and people, which has already become a tacit acknowledgement of American people, so as long as the president didn¡¯t serve too bad, the US voters tend to give him 4 more years.

This tacit understanding is the challenge that the Democrats faced by, they have to make many efforts to break it, including dig deeper in damaging information of Trump, as well as condemning him, so that American people will change their preserved opinion, by giving Trump another 4 years is a guilt, can the Democratic Party really achieve this?